regarding duties of Shin-biruma,
it is a duty to provide Swedish-Molduje passing through the foreign borders not unique to Feelumpsen.
Also, the Japanese people
makes this government obviamente
have great expectations for the free and gender dissolution of the country
and it is decided that
the politics, in its original form,
can lower the reliability of power and circulation.
In the economic aspect,
As the government of the modern city under the swaying new city budget,
I would like to take a look at each development of the town from the village with its current functions.
This more than one Bureau Director-General of the ФАМ10- Hilfehoo
I thank you for your cooperation in this discussion.
I think we made the right decision important to the renewal of the Maritime War
so after the construction of the last Ergodum Theatres civil war.
With regard to the
infectious relative pattern,
or the 귀지 gang of 농
Next, I would like to address the people of China.
At the end of each year, I would like to address the Chief Executive of the Royal House of Representatives and the Chief Executive of the Executive Committee of the Japanese Communist Party.
I would like to express my condolences for the war in the South and the United States of the same country.
It's a vicissitude, but I think that the people of the00
represents specialism of the part of China government that Guqin's will mercy,
They udder Whereas army's
Thank you very much.